There are plenty of that indicators that that suggest a team or group
is gonna are gonna have issues. One of the main ones is ah, is I think
the, um loosening of standards normalizing that that type of behavior.
Um, one thing that one way to keep that in check is by the leader
maintaining the standards. And that's both the overall leader. Um,
but also the noncommissioned officers, which the in generally speaking
of military noncommissioned officers do very well, and they're
not afraid to tighten up their supporters. But they're also not afraid
it tighten up their junior officers superiors, as is appropriate.
Um, generally speaking of maintaining of standards is essential now.
Not all every standard is created equal. That's not talking. If if
your hair cuts are not that great, that's not the same thing. Is not
adhering to safety regulations? Um, the regulation pieces more of
what I would I would I would be concerned with, uh, less the the personal
appearance, though that is important too.